Now let's create the English project for creating English projects.
We are going to use English clay.
English clay must be globally installed in your workstation you can install like this npm installed
English clay.
Then we can create a project.
Like this, we will call n g the new and the project name.
After that we will switch to that directory and we will run the n g serve.
Now let's do this.
So in this directory, I will be creating a new project and I already installed the English CLI.
I'm just running in g new and I'm naming my application as source.
So this is like a wizard for creating the Angular application.
And Angular has built in functionalities like the routing, and here it is asking us if we want routing
in this application.
At the moment, let's go with the default option, which is now we will be adding the routing later.
Then it is asking which stylesheet format would you like to use and lets go with the CSS.
Now this is creating the necessary files for the project and installing the dependencies.
And her packages are installed.
By the way, in the next lecture we will go over the test setup of our project and we will add a couple
of packages and configuration to the project.
You will be finding the best project codes in that lecture so you can just download it and extract it,
then just run NPM, install in it, and then you will be having the project ready.
But let's see how we can create a project from scratch.
So now the project is ready.
Let's switch into that directory and I'm just going to open Visual Studio code in this folder.
So the project is open right here.
If we go over the structure, we have this package, Jason.
And in it, we have the scripts.
And as you can see, all of them are starting with the English scripts.
So the English is used in the in these start test or build scripts.
And basically, we have the dependencies of the angular packages.
We have the extras, which is for the observable pattern.
And we also have this development dependencies which are for the testing environment, like the Jazmin,
the test runner we will be using and the karma is for running the test in the browser.
And let's run this application.
Let's see what is the initial one?
Again, I'm just going to the console and running.
I can either run in PM start.
This is just like this one and PM start is running this one engine serve or if you have globally installed
energy then we can just run the engine serve.
So both are same.
Just try again.
PM start.
And here we see angular life development server is listening on localhost 4200.
All we do is just open the browser, go to localhost 4202 we have this application and let's see where
this one is coming from.
Are.
Project is initialized in this main typescript test file, and this one is bootstrapping the module,
app module.
And if we go into that one, it's under EBP EBP module.
It has this app component and if we check the app component.
Here we have.
The toolbar.
Like there is this Angular logo right here, there is this welcome text, and if we just scroll down,
we will see all the elements we are seeing on the page.
And this development server has the functionality of reloading.
And like if we change this one to something like this and save it here, we can see it is reloaded with
these changes.
So we will be seeing our changes as soon as we save them.
And.
Other than these.
I would also like to show you the extensions I'm using.
I don't have too much, but I have this angler language service.
And I have this is lint and I have the prettier and yes lint is for having lingering feedbacks from
the editor and the prettier is for formatting the code and the English language service is for the angler
projects.
So we have the base project.
In the next section we will go over the testing environment of the application.